http://liquidkids.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Comics
http://www.azilliondollarscomics.com/feeds/posts/default Comics
http://anothercomicstrip.com/feed/ Comics
http://cdn.cad-comic.com/rss.xml Comics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/alexandracooks/OoQp?format=xml Cooking
http://inpursuitofmore.com/feed/ Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/BeatriceTheBiologist?format=xml Comics
http://blog.yhathq.com/rss.xml Data Analysis
http://columbiadatascience.com/blog/ Data Analysis
http://crowdflower.com/blog/feed/ Data Analysis
http://engineering.richrelevance.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/JustOneCookbook?format=xml Cooking
http://davidshimel.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://dev.nuodb.com/techblog/feed Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/grobmeier?format=xml Software Development
http://palakonda.org/feed/ Software Development Software Development
http://normaldeviate.wordpress.com/ Data Analysis
http://overcompensating.com/rss/ Comics
http://planetkaren.girl-wonder.org/ Comics
https://justin-duke-zoxc.squarespace.com/blog?format=rss Software Development
http://statisticsforum.wordpress.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://taintedink.com/feed/rss/ Comics
https://justin-duke-zoxc.squarespace.com/blog?format=rss Data Analysis
http://strawberry-pie.net/yamac/?feed=rss2 Comics
http://ubertoolcomic.com/?feed=rss2 Comics
https://crowdflower.com/blog/feed Data Analysis
http://www.peaceloveandlowcarb.com/feeds/posts/default Cooking
http://www.mitchclem.com/mystupidlife/rss.php Comics
http://www.databozo.com/feed.xml Data Analysis
http://www.depressedalien.com/rss Comics
http://www.jesshamrick.com/atom.xml Software Development
http://www.thelawstudentswife.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://www.beatricebiologist.com/feeds/posts/default Comics
http://www.mitchclem.com/nothingnice/rss.php Comics
http://www.againstallgrain.com/feed/ Cooking
http://www.ninjaandpirate.com/feed/ Comics
http://www.thebeekeepersdigest.com/ Cooking
http://www.historycomically.com/feed/ Comics
http://www.johnmyleswhite.com/ Data Analysis
http://www.texosophy.com/feed/ Comics
http://www.nataliedee.com/rss/rss.php Comics
http://www.joyoftech.com/joyoftech/jotblog/ Comics
http://www.scientificamerican.com/topic/exercise-and-fitness/ Healthy Living
http://www.inspiredtaste.net/feed/ Cooking
http://www.scientificamerican.com/subjects/space/ Space
http://listsmania.com/feed/ Featured
http://nataliedeemachine.com/rss/rss.php Comics
http://www.startbodyweight.com/feeds/posts/default Fiteness
http://www.thelawstudentswife.com/feed/ Cooking
http://yarcdata.com/blog/feed Data Analysis
http://www.automaticallybored.com/feed/  Comics
http://beermumbo.com/feed/ Beer
http://www.blue-kitchen.com/feed/ Cooking
https://www.kiuwan.com/blog/feed/ Software Development
http://snippyhollow.github.io/atom.xml Data Analysis
http://www.alfredo.motta.name/ Software Development
http://news.nextglass.co/feed/ Beer
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TheBeerBuddhaANewOrleansBeerBlog?format=xml Beer
http://tazadechocolate.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Cooking
http://healthygrocerygirl.com/blog/feed Cooking
http://growlab.ca/feed/ Featured
http://feeds.feedburner.com/SethOnSimulink?format=xml Data Analysis
https://blog.jupyter.org/rss/ Software Development
http://feeds.feedburner.com/nvidia/parallelforall?format=xml Data Analysis
http://www.superhealthykids.com/blog.php?rss Cooking
http://apachesinthekitchen.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Cooking
http://www.planteatersmanifesto.com/blog/feed Cooking
http://www.foodandnutrition.org/feed Cooking
http://www.displacedguy.com/feed/ Software Development
http://www.jenhaugen.com/blog/feed Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/firstround/TbEd?format=xml Tech
http://radify.io/api/rss Software Development
http://www.vegannie.com/feed Cooking
http://idibon.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://www.ancestralizeme.com/feed/ Healthy Living
https://indico.io/blog/feed/ Data Analysis
http://www.kiji.org/blog/feed/ Data Analysis
https://www.brianthicks.com/rss/ Software Development
http://www.applesandsparkle.com/feeds/posts/default Cooking
http://www.ontotext.com/category/ontotext-blog/feed/ Data Analysis
https://blog.prediction.io/feed/ Data Analysis
http://www.jeremymcohen.net/feed Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/blogspot/kavcD?format=xml Cooking
http://narrative.mighty-site.com/blog/feed/ Data Analysis
http://martin-thoma.com/feed/ Software Development
https://seanmckaybeck.com/rss/ Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/endlesssimmer/FGKD?format=xml Beer
http://www.paxata.com/blog/feed Data Analysis
https://serverlesscode.com/index.xml Software Development
http://kidsactivitiesblog.com/feed Parenting
http://www.bigdatalandscape.com/blog/feed Data Analysis
http://fiberisthefuture.com/feed Cooking
http://www.michael-noll.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://jamesmcmurray.me/atom.xml Data Analysis
http://en.codeceo.com/feed Software Development
http://kxcommunity.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://hadapt.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://kiji.org/blog/feed/ Data Analysis
http://solidgoldeats.com/feed/ Cooking
http://tobrewabeer.com/feed/ Beer
https://blog.wizardry.io/feed.xml Software Development
http://jd-mathbio.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Featured
http://feeds.feedburner.com/DashOfEast?format=xml Cooking
http://schoolofdata.org/blog/feed/ Data Analysis
http://www.nbrogi.com/blog/feed/ Software Development
http://gettaphunter.com/feed/ Beer
http://higherperspectives.com/feed/ Featured
http://www.ambitiouskitchen.com/feed Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/zerohedge/feed
http://www.lorrinmaughan.com/1/feed Featured
http://quickhealthydelicious.weebly.com/feed Cooking
http://the-salty-tomato.com/feed Cooking
https://civisanalytics.com/feed.xml Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/blogspot/INVQW?format=xml Cooking
http://shawsimpleswaps.com/feed Cooking
https://blog.thousandeyes.com/feed/ Software Development
http://feeds.feedburner.com/BigbearswifesBlog?format=xml Cooking
http://fermentedreality.com/feed/ Beer
http://www.ssushant.in/rss.xml Software Development
