http://blog.urx.com/?format=rss Data Analysis
http://engineering.eventbrite.com/feed/ Software Development
http://bulletin.imstat.org/feed/ Data Analysis
http://stresscomic.tumblr.com/rss Comics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/KhanAcademy Featured
http://www.mindtools.com/import.rss Featured
http://cleananddelicious.com/feed/ Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/DamnLOL?format=xml Funny
http://blog.scrapinghub.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://schoolofdata.org/blog/feed/ Data Analysis
http://www.happyjar.com/feed/ Comics
http://dorrismccomics.com/rss Comics
http://heyluchie.tumblr.com/rss Comics
http://testimonialcomic.com/rss Comics
http://drmcninja.com/feed/ Comics
http://www.achewood.com/rss.php Comics
http://goats.com/feed/ Comics
http://www.applegeeks.com/rss/?cat=comic Comics
http://thisisindexed.com/feed/ Comics
http://completelyseriouscomics.com/?feed=rss2 Comics
http://nineteenletterslong.tumblr.com/rss Comics
http://www.stuartmcmillen.com/en/feed/ Coimcs
http://pablostanley.tumblr.com/rss Comics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/brooklynsupper/sXCf?format=xml Cooking
http://theodd1sout.tumblr.com/rss Comics
http://gemma-correll.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Comics
http://jimwoodring.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Art
http://threepanelsoul.com/feed/ Comics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/WashingtonBeerCommission?format=xml Beer
http://feeds.feedburner.com/blogaboutbeer?format=xml Beer
http://www.goneintorapture.com/feed/ Comics
http://blog.refresh.io/rss Featured
http://thebeerded.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Beer
http://inside-bigdata.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://blog.dailyaifeed.com/feeds/posts/default Data Analysis
http://www.bigdata-startups.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://cafejohnsonia.com/feed Cooking
http://damndelicious.net/feed/ Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/CatzInTheKitchen?format=xml Cooking
http://nateswinehart.tumblr.com/rss Comics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/firstround/TbEd?format=xml Tech
http://thefitspo.com/feed/ Fitness
http://feeds.feedburner.com/nourishedkitchen?format=xml Cooking
http://datavu.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Data Analysis
http://www.randalolson.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://iquantny.tumblr.com/rss Data Analysis
http://seldo.com/api/getposts/atom/10/0/full Software Development
http://blog.chefsteps.com/feed/ Cooking
http://www.ninjaandpirate.com/feed/ Comics
http://typicalprogrammer.com/feed/ Software Development
http://honestslogans.com/rss Funny
http://blog.bountysource.com/rss Software Development
http://presidentjeff.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Comics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/theleancleaneatingmachine/YrHA?format=xml Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/theleancleaneatingmachine/YrHA?format=xml Fitness
http://feeds.feedburner.com/MinimalistBaker?format=xml Cooking
http://ohsheglows.com/feed/ Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Mercworks?format=xml Comics
http://mattbites.com/feed Cooking
http://www.effectivepython.com/atom.xml Software Development
http://magazine.amstat.org/feed/ Data Analysis
https://seanmckaybeck.com/rss/ Data Analysis
http://www.blue-kitchen.com/feed/ Cooking
http://www.paxata.com/blog/feed Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/kevinandamanda?format=xml Cooking
http://www.cooksmarts.com/feed/ Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/SimplyGloria?format=xml Cooking
http://www.number-2-pencil.com/feed Cooking
http://mybeerbuzz.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Beer
http://feeds.feedburner.com/NotesOnBliss?format=xml Featured
http://noobtheloser.com/?feed=rss2 Comics
http://the-paper-trail.org/blog/feed/ Software Development
http://zacstewart.com/feed Data Analysis
http://talesofabsurdity.com/feed/ Comics
http://www.machinalis.com/blog/feeds/rss/ Data Analysis
http://www.takipiblog.com/feed/ Software Development
http://www.wildfermentation.com/feed/ Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/yes/happiness?format=xml Featured
http://feeds.feedburner.com/yes/most-recent-articles?format=xml Featured
http://culturecheesemag.com/feed Cooking
http://www.winebags.com/feed Cooking
http://brewlust.com/feed/ Beer
http://brewlust.com/feed/ Design
http://www.cbinsights.com/blog/feed Tech
http://cascadianow.org/blog/?format=rss Seattle
http://endlessparentheses.com/atom.xml Software Development
http://somethingofthatilk.com/rss/index.php Comics
http://www.thetjmccoyblog.com/feed/ Featured
http://feeds.feedburner.com/fastcolabs Tech
http://feeds.feedburner.com/sardonicsalad/rWev Comics
http://blog.untappd.com/rss Beer
http://blog.fastforwardlabs.com/rss Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/MachineLearningtheory?format=xml Data Analysis
http://www.cio.com/index.rss Tech
http://www.cio.com/category/business-analytics/index.rss Data Analysis
http://deeplearning.net/feed/ Data Analysis
http://www.polygon.com/rss/index.xml Tech
http://blogs.aws.amazon.com/bigdata/blog/feed/recentPosts.rss Data Analysis
http://www.john-foreman.com/1/feed Data Analysis
http://jakeporway.tumblr.com/rss Art
http://beautifuldata.net/feed/ Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/The99Percent?format=xml Featured
http://www.lorrinmaughan.com/1/feed Featured
http://budgetcookingblog.wordpress.com/feed/ Cooking
http://simblob.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Software Development
http://blogzuola.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Featured
http://www.redshallotkitchen.com/feeds/posts/default?alt=rss Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/gimmesomeoven?format=xml Cooking
http://feeds.feedblitz.com/alidaskitchen&x=1 Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/blogspot/INVQW?format=xml Cooking
http://willjonathan.com/feed/ Featured
http://pythonforengineers.com/feed/ Software Development
http://blog.datacamp.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://www.dynamicyield.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://feedpress.me/themodernscientist-rss Software Development
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ThingsInSquares?format=xml Comics
http://www.jasonswett.net/feed/ Software Devlopment
http://statisticalfact.com/feed/ Comics
http://www.goodnoose.com/feed/ Comics
http://dataanalystsforsocialgood.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://www.reluctantgourmet.com/feed/ Cooking
http://www.highexistence.com/feed/ Featured
http://lesswrong.com/lw/4su/how_to_be_happy/.rss Featured
http://feeds.feedburner.com/austingwalters/BMyK?format=xml Software Development
http://matthewrocklin.com/blog/atom.xml Data Analysis
http://www.yummyhealthyeasy.com/feed Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/blogspot/hIdj?format=xml Cooking
http://freecommentscript.com/rss/?p=525f76c41b33e Comics
http://www.clearstorydata.com/blog/feed/ Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedblitz.com/jdroth Featured
http://feeds.feedburner.com/WebSeoAnalytics?format=xml Tech
http://infographicworld.com/feed/ Infographics
http://adapasupport.zementis.com/feeds/posts/default Data Analysis
http://nerdswithknives.com/feed/ Cooking
http://nuun.com/blog/feed/ Fitness
http://explodingdinosaur.com/feed/ Comics
http://ruudvanasseldonk.com/feed.xml Software Development
http://feeds.feedburner.com/BeerOfTomorrow?format=xml Beer
http://bitesnbrews.com/feed/ Beer
http://laughingsquid.com/feed/ Vapid but Cool 
http://feeds.feedburner.com/KitchenKonfidence?format=xml Cooking
http://www.applesandsparkle.com/feeds/posts/default Cooking
http://www.loveandlemons.com/feed/ Cooking
http://chadfowler.com/atom.xml Software Development
http://feeds.feedburner.com/cheerupemokid/hEwX?format=xml Comics
http://www.safelyendangered.com/feed/ Comics
http://datascience.berkeley.edu/feed/ Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/thesweetlifeonline/Aclf?format=xml Cooking
http://stupideasypaleo.com/feed/ Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/SaveurDailyFare?format=xml Cooking
http://therecipecritic.com/feed/ Cooking
http://newsouthfoodcompany.com/feed/ Cooking
http://www.neighborfoodblog.com/feed Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ambitiouskitchen1?format=xml Cooking
http://cookingstoned.tv/feed/ Cooking
http://onceamonthmeals.com/feed/ Cooking
http://mayihavethatrecipe.com/feed/ Cooking
http://safelyendangered.com/feed Comics
http://datascience.berkeley.edu/feed/ Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/tumblr/hMRZ?format=xml Comics
http://blogs.nuxeo.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://jakevdp.github.io/atom.xml Data Analysis
http://jakevdp.github.io/atom.xml Software Development
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Pyimagesearch?format=xml Data Analysis
http://datascience.stackexchange.com/feeds Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/AnalyticsVidhya?format=xml Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/tumblr/hMRZ?format=xml Software Development
https://crate.io/blog/feed Data Analysis
http://www.trifacta.com/blog/feed/ Data Analysis
http://metamarkets.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://scottlocklin.wordpress.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://www.periscopic.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/dsa-rss?format=xml Data Analysis
http://beermumbo.com/feed/ Beer
http://arialdomartini.wordpress.com/feed/ Software Development
http://camdp.com/latest/feed/ Data Analysis
http://draftmag.com/feed Beer
http://www.ngdata.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://mettl.com/blog/feed/ Software Development
http://blog.mafr.de/feed/ Software Development
http://hakunamapdata.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://www.snackish.com/feed/ Cooking
https://alpinenow.com/blog/feed/ Data Analysis
http://statsguys.wordpress.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://sivers.org/en.atom Featured
http://www.infoq.com/feed Software Development
http://gastrolust.com/feed/ Cooking
http://brulosophy.com/feed/ Beer
http://feeds.feedburner.com/LoveVeggiesAndYoga?format=xml Cooking
http://feeds.feedblitz.com/runningtothekitchen Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/BestRecipeBox?format=xml Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/FoodFamilyFinds Cooking
http://blog.factual.com/feed Data Analysis
http://rss1.smashingmagazine.com/feed/ Software Development
http://blog.mongohq.com/feed/ Software Development
http://feeds.feedburner.com/MachineLearningtheory?format=xml Data Analysis
http://followthedata.wordpress.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://feeds.venturebeat.com/bigdata Tech
http://blog.modeanalytics.com/feed.xml Data Analysis
http://www.vox.com/rss/index.xml News
http://blog.assaflavie.com/rss/ Featured
http://feeds.feedburner.com/PetaPixel?format=xml Art
http://beermasters.co/feed/ Beer
http://www.snackish.com/feed/ Cooking
http://egtheory.wordpress.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TheMadFermentationist?format=xml Beer
http://thedataguild.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/DataKind?format=xml Data Analysis
http://blog.statwing.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://www.altiscale.com/blog/feed/ Data Analysis
http://eli.thegreenplace.net/feed/ Software Development
http://www.datapad.io/blog/rss/ Data Analysis
http://www.socrata.com/tech-blog-posts/feed/ Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/michaelnielsen/iVot?format=xml Software Development
http://www.automaticallybored.com/feed/ Comics
http://psellos.com/atom-schnapsen.xml Featured
http://beust.com/weblog/feed/ Software Development
http://finnhillbrewing.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Beer
http://news.nextglass.co/feed/ Beer
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TheChangeBlog?format=xml Featured
http://feeds.feedburner.com/AddeparBlog?format=xml Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ImbibeUnfiltered Beer
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ithinkaboutbeer?format=xml Beer
http://henrikwarne.com/feed/ Software Development
http://robertheaton.com/feed Software Development
http://www.randalolson.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://the-paper-trail.org/blog/feed/ Software Development
http://radify.io/api/rss Software Development
http://blog.thehumangeo.com/feed/ Software Development
http://blog.data-miners.com/feeds/posts/default Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/rsio?format=xml Data Analysis
http://www.statisticalhorizons.com/feed Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/SmartBear?format=xml Software Development
http://feedpress.me/feedpress Tech
http://feeds.feedburner.com/PythonTesting?format=xml Software Development
http://www.manvsmagic.com/feed.xml Comics
http://infographicplaza.com/feed/ Infographics
http://joshldavis.com/atom.xml Software Development
http://www.prooffreader.com/feeds/posts/default Featured
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Detoxinista?format=xml Fitness
http://feeds.feedburner.com/dataconomy?format=xml Data Analysis
http://www.loveandlemons.com/feed/ Cooking
http://dfkoz.tumblr.com/rss Data Analysis
http://jvns.ca/atom.xml Data Analysis
http://iamafoodblog.com/feed/ Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/DashOfEast?format=xml Cooking
http://crockpotgourmet.net/feed/ Cooking
http://www.thespicekitrecipes.com/feed Cooking
http://www.fettlevegan.com/4/feed Cooking
http://www.ibreatheimhungry.com/feed Cooking
http://graffitifeed.com/feed/ Art
http://sebastianraschka.com/rss_feed.xml Software Development
http://radify.io/api/rss Software Development
http://serversforhackers.com/feed.xml Software Development
http://openresearch.wordpress.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://lemire.me/blog/feed/ Featured
http://feeds.feedburner.com/blogspot/SOpj?format=xml Economics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/MichaelTricksORB?format=xml Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ATOBE?format=xml Data Analysis
http://open.bufferapp.com/feed/ Software Development
http://vizual-statistix.tumblr.com/rss Data Analysis
http://www.reddit.com/r/languagetechnology.json Data Analysis
http://www.reddit.com/r/computervision.json Data Analysis
http://www.reddit.com/r/statistics.json Data Analysis
http://www.reddit.com/r/datascience.json Data Analysis
http://www.reddit.com/r/bigdata.json Data Analysis
http://datascience.stackexchange.com/feeds Data Analysis
http://guilload.com/feed Software Development
http://www.americastestkitchenfeed.com/feed/ Cooking
http://datascienceassn.org/blog/feed Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/endlesssimmer/FGKD?format=xml Beer
http://feeds.feedburner.com/carascravingsblog?format=xml Cooking
http://fedandfit.com/feed/ Cooking
https://www.kiuwan.com/blog/feed/ Software Development
http://thepotatoledger.com/rss.aspx Comics
http://soletshangout.com/feed/ Cooking
http://www.superhealthykids.com/blog.php?rss Cooking
http://betsylife.com/feed/ Cooking
http://pucomic.com/?feed=rss2 Comics
http://growlab.ca/feed/ Featured
http://blog.expectlabs.com/rss Data Analysis
http://axbymag.wordpress.com/feed/
http://www.hejibits.com/feed/ Comics
http://blog.tunedit.org/feed/ Data Analysis
http://sebastianraschka.com/rss_feed.xml Data Analysis
http://blog.kissmetrics.com/feed/ Featured
http://www.alchemyapi.com/blog/feed/ Data Analysis
http://www.innocentive.com/blog/feed/ Featured
http://existentialcomics.com/rss.xml Comics
http://nedroid.com/feed/ Comics
http://shahriar.svbtle.com/feed Software Development
http://www.sparkedminds.org/feed/ Featured
http://www.bigdata-madesimple.com/feed/ Data Analyasis
http://www.johnmyleswhite.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/DataWrangling?format=xml Data Analysis
http://www.bytemining.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://blog.revolutionanalytics.com/atom.xml Data Analysis
http://angrystatistician.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Data Analysis
http://analytical-solution.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://www.inference.vc/rss/ Data Analysis
http://gradientflow.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://www.overkillanalytics.net/feed/ Data Analysis
http://rapidminer.com/blog/feed/ Data Analysis
http://www.craftbeer.com/feed Beer
http://www.craftbeeranalytics.com/3/feed Beer
http://www.craftbeeranalytics.com/3/feed Data Analysis
http://ianozsvald.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/brewersassociation/ODag?format=xml Beer
http://www.topcoder.com/feed/?cat=320&post_type=blog Tech
http://www.topcoder.com/feed/?cat=338&post_type=blog Data Analysis
https://ting.com/blog/feed/ Tech
http://phaidon.com/rss.xml Featured
http://krishnainfographics.com/feed/ Infographics
http://extrafabulouscomics.com/feed/ Comics
http://joeburridge.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://www.displacedguy.com/feed/ Software Development
http://wikipediocracy.com/feed/ Featured
http://www.theconceptsproject.com/rss/ Featured
http://blog.bigdata.com/?feed=rss2 Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/todoist/QCjt Featured
http://feeds.feedburner.com/wholenourishment?format=xml Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/BeersmithcomHomeBrewingBlog?format=xml Beer
http://projecthappiness.org/feed/ Featured
http://mortoray.com/feed/ Software Development
http://feeds.feedburner.com/oreilly/radar/atom Data Analysis
http://blog.ionelmc.ro/feeds/all.rss.xml Software Development
http://feeds.feedburner.com/sadanduseless?format=xml Funny
http://fergusonross.com/feed/ Featured
http://mlwave.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://dorktoescomic.com/?feed=rss2 Comics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/dsa-rss?format=xml Data Analysis
http://mariamindbodyhealth.com/feed/ Healthy Living
http://therealfoodguide.com/feed/ Cooking
http://www.reddit.com/r/Meditation.json Featured
http://bigfootjustice.com/feed/ Comics
http://snippyhollow.github.io/atom.xml Data Analysis
http://technorati.com/feed/ Tech
http://blog.heapanalytics.com/feed/ Software Development
http://www.rebellesociety.com/feed/ Featured
http://www.kiji.org/blog/feed/ Data Analysis
http://blog.helloreverb.com/feed/ Featured
http://www.crowdflower.com/blog/rss.xml Data Analysis
http://gradientflow.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://feeds.feedburner.com/BuiltLean?format=xml Data Analysis
http://fermentedreality.com/feed/ Beer
http://www.ohbiteit.com/feed Cooking
http://rhymeswithorange.com/comics/feed/ Comics
http://www.2gulps.com/feeds/posts/default Comics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/WishfulChef?format=xml Cooking
http://problemtown.com/feed/ Comics
http://bigfootjustice.com/feed/ Comics
http://www.azilliondollarscomics.com/feeds/posts/default Comics
http://awkwardzombie.com/awkward.php Comics
http://noodledoodles.net/feed/ Comics
http://escapefromburgertown.tumblr.com/rss Comics
http://www.whompcomic.com/feed/ Comics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ThingsInSquares?format=xml Comics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/RyanAIllustrationBlog?format=xml Comics
http://abominable.cc/rss Comics
http://saintforrent.com/rss.php Comics
http://www.onceuponasaturday.com/feed/ Comics
http://accordingtodevin.tumblr.com/rss Comics
http://www.ninjaandpirate.com/feed/ Comics
http://chaoslife.findchaos.com/feed Comics
https://eatingrules.com/feed/ Cooking
http://leontius.net/feed/ Data Analysis
http://eli.thegreenplace.net/feeds/all.atom.xml Software Development
http://python-history.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Software Development
http://doodleforfood.tumblr.com/rss Comics
http://okfnlabs.org/blog/feed.xml Data Analysis
http://blog.datacamp.com/feed/ Data Analysis
http://www.cookingforengineers.com/atom.xml Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/NickNotas?format=xml Men Stuff
http://www.spreeder.com/blog/feed/ Featured
http://www.codecademy.com/blog.rss Software Development
http://syndication.howstuffworks.com/rss/HSW::Health Health
http://syndication.howstuffworks.com/rss/tech Tech
http://syndication.howstuffworks.com/rss/science Science
http://syndication.howstuffworks.com/rss/money Buisness
http://syndication.howstuffworks.com/rss/lifestyle Featured
http://syndication.howstuffworks.com/rss/culture Featured
http://paleogrubs.com/feed Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/strangekittyca?format=xml Cooking
http://www.preppypaleo.com/feeds/posts/default Cooking
http://paleomommyx2.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/DJFoodie?format=xml Cooking
http://www.janssushibar.com/feed/ Cooking
http://www.paleodietbasics.net/feed/ Cooking
http://www.nakedavocado.com/feed/ Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/PlaidandPaleo Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/DelightfulTasteBuds Cooking
http://alimentageuse.com/home/feed/ Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/BigbearswifesBlog?format=xml Cooking
http://www.twohealthykitchens.com/feed/ Cooking
http://feeds.feedburner.com/AroundMyFamilyTable?format=xml Cooking


NorthernBrewerTV beer 
artofmanliness Man Stuff
QuietAssassins Funny
nqtv Funny
